Improve speculation rules handling based on element visibility (#446)
GoogleChromeLabs/quicklink: README.md

Whether to switch from the default prefetching mode to the prerendering mode for the links inside the viewport.

> **Note:** The prerendering mode (when this option is set to true) will fallback to the prefetching mode if the browser does not support prerender.
> Once the element exits the viewport, the speculationrules element is removed from the DOM. This approach makes it possible to exceed the limit of 10 prerenders imposed for the eagerness: 'immediate' and eagerness: 'eager' settings.

#### options.eagerness

- Type: `String`

> - Default: `immediate`

Reviewer: I wonder if `immediate` is too eager? Why not `eager`? It's true that today they behave the same, but the intention is that `eager` can could potentially be more nuanced in the future, [per](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/speculation-rules-improvements#:~:text=eager%3A%20This%20currently%20behaves%20identically%20to%20the%20immediate%20setting%2C%20but%20in%20future%2C%20we%20are%20looking%20to%20place%20this%20somewhere%20between%20immediate%20and%20moderate.) @tunetheweb:

> `eager`: This currently behaves identically to the `immediate` setting, but in future, we are looking to place this somewhere between `immediate` and `moderate`.

Since there could be a lot of links in the viewport without any signal about whether they are going to be navigated to (other than them being in the viewport), it would seem like `immediate` is too aggressive.

Reviewer 2: `eager` is likely to be replaced with a short (or even 0) hover time—basically moderate with minimal delay. So it would still require a user interaction. I'd imagine if/when that happens we might reduce the limit to be 2 similar to `moderate` and `conservative`.

The intent for this logic is particularly intended for mobile, where there is no hover, so `immediate` seems like the right solution.

Reviewer: Let's keep it `immediate`

> Determines the mode to be used for prerendering specified within the speculationrules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines the mode to be used for prerendering specified within the speculation rules.
```

> **Note:** Speculative Rules API supports same-site cross origin Prerendering with [opt-in header](https://bit.ly/ss-cross-origin-pre).

#### eagerness

- Type: `String`
- Default: `immediate`

> Determines the mode to be used for prerendering specified within the speculationrules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines the mode to be used for prerendering specified within the speculation rules.
```
